Address review comments from the pyopensci reviewers (#7325)
sunpy/sunpy: README.rst

``sunpy``
*********

|Latest PyPi Version|

> |Latest Conda Version|

Reviewer: Annoyingly this shows the latest uploaded version (currently 5.0.2) and not the highest version number (currently 5.1.0). Not sure there's an easy way to fix that, but thought I'd flag.

Author: Yeah, I plan to open an issue upstream about this.

Author: https://github.com/ContinuumIO/anaconda-issues/issues/13320

|DOI|
|repostatus|
|python|
|ci|
|codecov|
|Docs|
|matrix|

> |Powered by NumFOCUS|

Reviewer 2: This is a bit tangential, but our number of badges continues to increase. Should we organize them into a table?

Author: I will never forgive you.

.. |Docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/sunpy/badge/?version=stable
    :target: https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/?badge=stable
    :alt: Stable Documentation
.. |repostatus| image:: https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg
    :target: https://www.repostatus.org/#active
    :alt: Project Status: Active - The project has reached a stable, usable state and is being actively developed.
.. |python| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/sunpy
    :alt: PyPI - Python Version

``sunpy`` is a Python software package that provides fundamental tools for accessing, loading and interacting with solar physics data in Python.
It includes an interface for searching and downloading data from multiple data providers, data containers for image and time series data, commonly used solar coordinate frames and associated transformations, as well as other functionality needed for solar data analysis.

It is the core library of the `SunPy Project <https://sunpy.org/>`__ that forms the foundation of the ecosystem of affiliated packages that aims to be a community-developed, free and open-source solar data analysis environment for Python.

> This is the mission statement of the SunPy project.

Reviewer: This sentence feels... odd? Is it here to meet a PyOpenSci requirement?

Author: Now, I just copied this from the website. I can undo it.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I'm not a fan of this. I also don't think we ever agreed on a mission statement...

Author: Removed.

Installation
============

> We recommended that anyone who wants to install ``sunpy`` follow the `installation guide <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/guide/installation.html>`__ in the ``sunpy`` docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommended following the `installation guide <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/guide/installation.html>`__ in the ``sunpy`` documentation.
```
is a few less words

> This will walk you through installing ``sunpy`` and all of its dependencies within a virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will walk you through installing ``sunpy`` and all of its dependencies.
```
I think "virtual environment" is an implementation detail that doesn't need mentioning here.

To see the latest changes in ``sunpy`` see our `changelog <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/changelog.html>`__.
It is the core library of the `SunPy Project <https://sunpy.org/>`__ that forms the foundation of the ecosystem of affiliated packages that aims to be a community-developed, free and open-source solar data analysis environment for Python.
This is the mission statement of the SunPy project.

Installation
============

The recommended way to install ``sunpy`` is with `miniforge <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge#miniforge3>`__.
To install ``sunpy`` once miniforge is installed run the following command:

.. code:: bash

    $ conda install sunpy

For detailed installation instructions, see the `installation guide <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/guide/installation.html>`__ in the ``sunpy`` docs.
We recommended that anyone who wants to install ``sunpy`` follow the `installation guide <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/guide/installation.html>`__ in the ``sunpy`` docs.
This will walk you through installing ``sunpy`` and all of its dependencies within a virtual environment.

Usage
=====

> Here is a quick example of plotting an AIA image:

Reviewer: 🎉 to getting rid of the example in the readme and pointing to docs

> The best place to begin learning how to use ``sunpy`` is to read the `tutorial <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/tutorial/index.html>`__.
> There is also a collection of shorter examples that demonstrate the use of ``sunpy`` in the `gallery <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/generated/gallery/index.html>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are new to ``sunpy``, the best place to start is the `tutorial <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/tutorial/index.html>`__.
the `example gallery <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/generated/gallery/index.html>`__ also includes a collection of shorter and more specific examples of using ``sunpy``.
```

> To see the latest changes in ``sunpy`` see our `changelog <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/changelog.html>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our `changelog <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/changelog.html>`__. for the latest changes in ``sunpy``.
```
avoids having "see" twice in the sentence

============

> The SunPy Project is a community-driven open source project that welcomes any and all contributions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SunPy Project is a community-driven open-source project that welcomes any and all contributions.
```

> Whether you are a developer, student, or user, you can help by contributing to code, documentation, or community support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whether you are a developer, student, or user, you can help by contributing code, documentation, or community support.
```

> If you would like to get involved, we have a `Newcomers Guide`_ guide that shows how to get setup with a development workflow but it also covers non-coding contributions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like to get involved, the `Newcomers Guide`_ guide explains the many different ways to contribute to the SunPy Project and also shows how to get set up with a development workflow.
```

.. |python| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/sunpy
    :alt: PyPI - Python Version

``sunpy`` is a Python software package that provides fundamental tools for accessing, loading and interacting with solar physics data in Python.
It includes an interface for searching and downloading data from multiple data providers, data containers for image and time series data, commonly used solar coordinate frames and associated transformations, as well as other functionality needed for solar data analysis.

It is the core library of the `SunPy Project <https://sunpy.org/>`__ that forms the foundation of the ecosystem of affiliated packages that aims to be a community-developed, free and open-source solar data analysis environment for Python.
This is the mission statement of the SunPy project.

Installation
============

We recommended that anyone who wants to install ``sunpy`` follow the `installation guide <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/guide/installation.html>`__ in the ``sunpy`` docs.
This will walk you through installing ``sunpy`` and all of its dependencies within a virtual environment.

Usage
=====

> The best place to learn how to use ``sunpy`` is to read the `tutorial <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/tutorial/index.html>`__.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The best place to begin learning how to use ``sunpy`` is to read the `tutorial <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/tutorial/index.html>`__.
```
